Updates to readme, pip info (#1004)
microsoft/qsharp: pip/README.md

## Support

> For more information about the Modern QDK and Azure Quantum, visit [https://aka.ms/AQ/Documentation](https://aka.ms/AQ/Documentation).

Reviewer: Do we want the word "modern" here?

```suggestion
For more information about the Azure Quantum Development Kit, visit [https://aka.ms/AQ/Documentation](https://aka.ms/AQ/Documentation).
```

Author: a PM might say yes... but I don't feel too strongly. Saves us later updates if/when we want to reduce usage of "Modern"
